README.md, before:

# AiCore Project:
## Exploratory Data Analysis - Customer Loans in Finance 
### exploratory-data-analysis---customer-loans-in-finance202

This repo is for another Ai Core Project titled "Exploratory Data 
Analysis - Customer Loands in Finance." I've been looking forward to 
seeing what examples of finance questions they put together, hoping that 
eventually these projects will build towards some DL project looking for 
market trends (as an example). Some serious maths!

Let's see where this project takes us, shall we?

## This repo should contain: 
- credentials.yaml which contains the credentials for accessing AWS (this is in the .gitignore)

- .gitignore, which sets items git should ignore when committing (this means if you pull my repo, you should not get all of the information listed here)

- this README.md file 

- db_utils.py which contains code to extract data from the project's database 

	As of 2023.12.02.21.39, this contains a class (as the task dictates should be created) with dummy parameters and methods to remind me how classes work, so that when I'm asked to populate the code with something meaningful, I can remember how.

	As of 2023.25.12, this contains all the necessary code to use the credentials to download the information from AWS, then convert that data into a csv for use in exploratory data analysis. 

	As of 2023.30.12.16.00, I'm still finding it difficult to run db_utils.py to completion; I have pip installed sqlalchemy and pandas *in the VScode terminal,* which seems to successfully convince the code that they're there, but then, even though the code is not many lines long, I get the following ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'psycopg2'. It is referencing File "C:...\AppData\Roaming\Python\Python311\site-packages\sqlalchemy\dialects\postgresql\psycopg2.py", line 690, in import_dbapi. By the directory, it looks as though this file gets read when trying to apply the sqlalchemy module.  

	As of 2023.12.30.16.10, did a pip install psycopg2, then ran db_utils.py once more and HAAALELUJA, got dataframe.csv in my environment! Now I can start the real project! 

- load_to_pandas.py which reads dataframe.csv as a pandas dataframe called finance_df, and applies basic pandas functions to become familiar with the data. 

- data_cleaning_for_EDA.py which is a workspace for developing classes, as assigned by AiCore 

- testing_class.py, added 2024.01.21 to give me a space to try to import classes, import the data, and apply the classes to the data without all the extra clutter (mercifully contained in load_to_pandas.py and data_cleaning_for_EDA.py). 
	As of 2024.01.20.07.50, watched https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txRTzljmV0Q to better understand why I would do this with methods instead of functions; the distinction is still murky. I'm forcing myself to use methods at this point because that's what the task wants (and I guess the finance dataset is sort of a collection of objects in variable states.), but it seems like it would be 100 times simpler to just use the functions already built into pandas that perform the data workflow perfectly! 
	As of 2024.01.20.08.00, established that even when I import the np and pd modules directly into the class, .dtypes (from pd) is still not recognised as an attribute of the class- how can I inherit those functions? 
	Additionally as of 2024.01.20.08.00, thought of the following alternative approach:     
	1.  Within the class definition, try stripping out each variable from df 
    2.  so later I can (in theory) perform operations on (or... create methods relating to...) individual columns- might be easier than trying to get the class to use pd/np functions? 
	As of 01.29.20.34, got help from Mat (lots of help- so many issues, bashrc and windows env var's clashing, as well as not knowing how to structure methods within classes using the self approprately- i think now i do, see 'what i've learned.') and now at least two methods in DataFrameInfo() work and the code has stopped breaking at every available opportunity. Mat also recommended .ipynb instead of .py, so that i can run code in chunks! Also had to set up env variable properly.  
## Project Decription 
### Aims: 
	1. Set up the environment
	2. Extract loan data from the cloud (this was a giant pain.)
	3. Perform Exploratory Data Analysis 
	4. Produce full analysis and visualisation of loan data. 
### Methods: 
	1. I did this in VS code. It turns out a few things needed to be re-installed within VS code in order for db_utils.py to "see" them all in concert. 
	2.1. As AiCore is (pedagogically) handing the reins over to the students moreso at this stage, but still sets out a set of instructions to follow. Despite my lack of experience with AWS, I can imagine there are slower, less "slick", but ultimately simpler ways to extract the dataframe.csv, but in trying to stick to AiCore's instructions I got all in a muddle. In short, I found 'setting the stage' for this one-button click style of download very difficult, and enlisted the help of a programmer friend to tidy up my code in db_utils.py. 
	2.2. Though this is considered part of 'milestone 3,' that is, part of EDA in the AiCore prompts, I can't help but consider Data Cleaning as a prerequisite to EDA, and not part of it itself. Thus, I'm calling this section 2.2, not 3.1.  
		2.2 Data cleaning involved converting columns to more appropriate data types (e.g. to number) and removing excess symbols, among other things. While I have historically performed data cleaning tasks through libraries like pandas directly, then saved the improved databases with their own name (a habit I developed using R), AiCore instructed to make column conversions by setting up a DataTransform class; since I would later import the .py file in which this class existed to an .ipynb file, I opted to create a separate and obviously named data_cleaning_for_EDA.py file for this task; however, it was in examining the columns in load_to_pandas.py closely that I realised the only columns I was likely to have issues with were the dates being listed as 'object' dtypes anyway, so I decided to just add the parse_dates argument in the original pd.read_csv() statement instead.... then, while combing the column titles for potential columns that would need a change to date format, I idenitified that employment_length was unnecessarily stringy; I could identify potential correlations if that was in int64 form, and the same can be said for term. So I parsed dates in load_to_pandas.py (see the non-parsed thing in earlier version control commits), and I changed those two columns 'term' and 'employment_length' in the same file as well, instead of using classes (seems overcomplicated) in data_cleaning_for_EDA.py at all. 
		
	3. Task 2 Prompt: Create a class to get information from the DataFrame. I initially set up a class with -> None: pass as the empty framework. Again I question the use of setting up an entire class when I already have the dataset available for exploration. However, reading the suggested 'useful utility methods,' I feel more motivated to create some of these methods. I thought adding a cor_coef method might come in handy- one that would calculate the correlation between every column and output a matrix; based on prior experience with dimensionality reduction methods, I know this particular method may prove too computationally expensive to produce in pracitse. 

	4. 
### What I've learned: 
	1. 
	2. As I converted employment_length, I was reminded that nan can't be forced to int, but it can be forced to float. 
	3. As I started actually developing a class of methods ("DataFrameInfo()"), I rediscovered trouble with defining classes that had been a stumbling block in the first milestone (defining classes to read off of AWS). At this stage, rewatching AiCore's video on Object Oriented Programming and listening veeeeery carefully at around 8 minutes, I caught a detail that clarifies my confusion (at least in part, we shall see...). Essentially, the __init__ method is only necessary if you need to add information when *initialising* an instance of the class. In other words, if I don't have to input the column names myself, if instead I can just call the method col_names and they're already built into the object (data frames come with pandas.columns method), then I don't have to consider col_names to be an attribute. If I have no such information that I need to personally input on setting up the instance of the class, I don't need the __init__ section of my class-defining code! God, I hope I have that right. --- LOL! (not really laughing out loud, more of a glower at screen, but laughing a little on the inside) If I want my class method outputs to vary according to some *initial* input, then I do still need to initialise the instance with the pd.DataFrame that it recieves. ... the pain continues. (Because that's how learning works- seriously, you can't find out what I've learned unless you read all this crap!) I've managed to change the nameerror to an attribute error. pandas methods don't seem to exist within my class. Do I need to import all those methods *within* the class somehow? I don't think I've ever seen that before.
	Thanks to my troubleshooting chat with Mat from AiCore, I developed a better understanding of the "self" in classes, and about environments. When defining a method (or parameter, I would guess), one doesn't need to refer to the self ("this particular instance of the class" as Harry would say) *unless* applying **another** method, defined elsewhere in the class, to build up that method or parameter; a clarifying question to ask might be "Are you establishing a method or applying a method?" If establishing, no "self" is required; if applying the method, then you need self.method, to ensure that the previously defined method is applying to "this particular instance of the class," lest your applied method get lost in a loop trying to find what object to work on. 
	... And speaking of searching loops, a virtual environment (I already knew this part...) is a specific "space" (not a folder/directory) with the correct python version for the code in a specific project. Think of this as interpreter for the code- different python versions are like different languages in which the code could be written. What I didn't realise (or had forgetten long ago and needed reminding) was 
		- if the base environment contains a version of python, the clash between base and whatever virtual environment you're in could cause an error 
		- if you need a particular python package (like pandas, for instance), it should be installed *within* the virtual environment 
		- if you have a .bashrc file that contains paths, these are run/added when the computer starts up (most likely *before* Windows checks its standard Environment Variables for any paths). If you have a path named in both the .bashrc file, and the Environment Variables, then again, you're likely to get stuck in a search loop. Two ...er... thingies... are "pointing" at the path in which you've stored conda, and when you search "conda where"(fore art thou?) you get the mystifying response that there is no conda, even if you used it five seconds ago, it's marked all it's post as return to sender. Long-winded winge short, I kept the conda paths listed in the .bashrc file, and deleted them off of the Windows Environment Variables, and then conda could be found, examined, and used. 
	While trying to set up DataFrameInfo I discovered a lot about data cleaning that hasn't happened yet but whose necessity has been identified through the investigations into the information I've gathered; data cleaning and enquiry really is a cyclonic process, isn't it? On my search for answers about the sheer vastness of how many NA's they put into this mock dataset, I've revisited writing to csv's but now within the context of a class method. In an effort to get the date parsing working well so I can calculate a correlation matrix (I really think this will be handy later!), I've discovered that the VSCode extension RainbowCSV is really handy (if you don't have Excel) for identifying what you're looking at without having to write thre to forty-four more lines of code (depending on your inclinations). 
	I learned the hard way the distinction between pd.size and pd.shape; pd.size is the product of the elements of the tuple in pd.shape; therefore it is the number of cell-wise elements in the data frame, *not* the number of data points (i.e. it's not the rows/elements of the data frame).
	I learned that the subscriptability of pandas is not automatically inherited when a new class implements pandas methods. Namely, print(type(df['last_credit_pull_date'])) results in TypeError: 'DataFrameInfo' object is not subscriptable, until you implement python's __getitem__ method; using 'key' based language, such as in "def __getitem__(self, key):	 return self.data[key]," suggests that pandas is built off of python's dictionaries. 
	In preparation for using multiple classes (e.g. Plotter and DataFrameInfo on the same df), I learned the following from ChatGPT: "multiple inheritance can lead to complexities and potential conflicts, especially if the base classes have methods or attributes with the same name. It's important to carefully design and manage your class hierarchy to avoid ambiguity. If you need to resolve conflicts or customize the behavior of multiple inherited classes, you can use the super() function to call methods from parent classes in a controlled manner;" I know concepts of mulitple inheritance were referenced in the AiCore notebooks as well, but there are loads of examples of my re-learning something in a different context while trying to work through this project!
	While developing the Plotter function I deepened my understanding of the distinction between the object dtype and the categorical dtype. Object seems to be the default when reading csv's with pandas, and it can apply to more data types, such as mixed types. However, if inspection suggests the data is truly categorical, converting it to categorical data will make the data frame more memory efficient, and allows those columns of data to be more easily analysed, since categorical data can be grouped and ordered. 
	I noticed my code was really starting to slow down as I imported and used multiple homemade modules into my testing_classes.py code. I wondered if it was all the multiple imports of pandas that was causing this slow down, and learned in fact that once the module has been imported once into Python, it is saved to sys.modules; this occurs once per interpreter session, and every subsequent "import" written in code will be skipped because Python recognises that module from its sys.modules... so I learned something new there, but still don't know why my code's getting slower. I also realise that an interpreter session means either one ongoing session in an IDE, or a single run of the code by executing it through the terminal (which is what I'm doing when I press play on my code in VSCode.) So every time I want to test my .py code in VS code, I have to reimport, which does take time; meanwhile, if I were using Spyder (which I am use to) or if I started using a Jupyter Notebook (.ipynb?) then my interpreter session would last as long as needed and I could run smaller chunks of code to test them without having to reimport modules and reload data frames from csvs every go. 
	I've learned that bad datetimes parsing can lead to all datetimes being coerced into NA's. 
	4. 

## Installation instructions 
To install the available data from pull this repo. To see only the pretty final products, i.e. only the analysis and visualisation, you can download the pdf/png/jpg... whatever I manage to save as here as a bonus. 

## Usage instructions 
Run it in your preferred python module. I used VSCode. 

## License information 
This project is the result of the hard work and dedication of the people behind AiCore. All credit goes to AiCore for how the data was sourced and the project structure. As per their instructions, I am submitting my work as a student here on github, an open source platform; this implies that anyone can use my code to further their own learning.

Commit message:

turned __getitem__ into a method instead of an attribute in all classes that include it; general tidying; tried removing inheritance from Plotter and DataFrameInfo to see if DataFrameTransform class would read through its methods on its own; it did not. :(

README.md, after:

# AiCore Project:
## Exploratory Data Analysis - Customer Loans in Finance 
### exploratory-data-analysis---customer-loans-in-finance202

This repo is for another Ai Core Project titled "Exploratory Data 
Analysis - Customer Loands in Finance." I've been looking forward to 
seeing what examples of finance questions they put together, hoping that 
eventually these projects will build towards some DL project looking for 
market trends (as an example). Some serious maths!

Let's see where this project takes us, shall we?

## This repo should contain: 
- credentials.yaml which contains the credentials for accessing AWS (this is in the .gitignore)

- .gitignore, which sets items git should ignore when committing (this means if you pull my repo, you should not get all of the information listed here)

- this README.md file 

- db_utils.py which contains code to extract data from the project's database 

	As of 2023.12.02.21.39, this contains a class (as the task dictates should be created) with dummy parameters and methods to remind me how classes work, so that when I'm asked to populate the code with something meaningful, I can remember how.

	As of 2023.25.12, this contains all the necessary code to use the credentials to download the information from AWS, then convert that data into a csv for use in exploratory data analysis. 

	As of 2023.30.12.16.00, I'm still finding it difficult to run db_utils.py to completion; I have pip installed sqlalchemy and pandas *in the VScode terminal,* which seems to successfully convince the code that they're there, but then, even though the code is not many lines long, I get the following ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'psycopg2'. It is referencing File "C:...\AppData\Roaming\Python\Python311\site-packages\sqlalchemy\dialects\postgresql\psycopg2.py", line 690, in import_dbapi. By the directory, it looks as though this file gets read when trying to apply the sqlalchemy module.  

	As of 2023.12.30.16.10, did a pip install psycopg2, then ran db_utils.py once more and HAAALELUJA, got dataframe.csv in my environment! Now I can start the real project! 

- load_to_pandas.py which reads dataframe.csv as a pandas dataframe called finance_df, and applies basic pandas functions to become familiar with the data. 

- data_cleaning_for_EDA.py which is a workspace for developing classes, as assigned by AiCore 

- testing_class.py, added 2024.01.21 to give me a space to try to import classes, import the data, and apply the classes to the data without all the extra clutter (mercifully contained in load_to_pandas.py and data_cleaning_for_EDA.py). 
	As of 2024.01.20.07.50, watched https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=txRTzljmV0Q to better understand why I would do this with methods instead of functions; the distinction is still murky. I'm forcing myself to use methods at this point because that's what the task wants (and I guess the finance dataset is sort of a collection of objects in variable states.), but it seems like it would be 100 times simpler to just use the functions already built into pandas that perform the data workflow perfectly! 
	As of 2024.01.20.08.00, established that even when I import the np and pd modules directly into the class, .dtypes (from pd) is still not recognised as an attribute of the class- how can I inherit those functions? 
	Additionally as of 2024.01.20.08.00, thought of the following alternative approach:     
	1.  Within the class definition, try stripping out each variable from df 
    2.  so later I can (in theory) perform operations on (or... create methods relating to...) individual columns- might be easier than trying to get the class to use pd/np functions? 
	As of 01.29.20.34, got help from Mat (lots of help- so many issues, bashrc and windows env var's clashing, as well as not knowing how to structure methods within classes using the self approprately- i think now i do, see 'what i've learned.') and now at least two methods in DataFrameInfo() work and the code has stopped breaking at every available opportunity. Mat also recommended .ipynb instead of .py, so that i can run code in chunks! Also had to set up env variable properly.  

- ongoing_workspace.ipynb, added 2024.01.03 since ipynb can run sections at a time; this means I don't have to run a separate Python interpreter session (and thereby re-import all modules, taking up time) every time I want to check a piece of code. This file essentially replaces the functionality of testing_clases.py. 

- notes_for_later.txt, added 2024.01.03; does what it says on the tin. 

- imputing_methods.py, added 2024.01.03; adds the DataFrameTransform and Plotter classes assigned in task 3 of milestone 3, to help with... you guessed it: imputing and removing data. 

- There are a handful of csv's added to the repo at various times when I want to examine a single column in csv format. I've tended to then play with them in load_to_pandas.py, which has become a semi-outdated space where I can work on csv's. 

## Project Decription 
### Aims: 
	1. Set up the environment
	2. Extract loan data from the cloud (this was a giant pain.)
	3. Perform Exploratory Data Analysis 
	4. Produce full analysis and visualisation of loan data. 
### Methods: 
	1. I did this in VS code. It turns out a few things needed to be re-installed within VS code in order for db_utils.py to "see" them all in concert. 
	2.1. As AiCore is (pedagogically) handing the reins over to the students moreso at this stage, but still sets out a set of instructions to follow. Despite my lack of experience with AWS, I can imagine there are slower, less "slick", but ultimately simpler ways to extract the dataframe.csv, but in trying to stick to AiCore's instructions I got all in a muddle. In short, I found 'setting the stage' for this one-button click style of download very difficult, and enlisted the help of a programmer friend to tidy up my code in db_utils.py. 
	2.2. Though this is considered part of 'milestone 3,' that is, part of EDA in the AiCore prompts, I can't help but consider Data Cleaning as a prerequisite to EDA, and not part of it itself. Thus, I'm calling this section 2.2, not 3.1.  
		2.2 Data cleaning involved converting columns to more appropriate data types (e.g. to number) and removing excess symbols, among other things. While I have historically performed data cleaning tasks through libraries like pandas directly, then saved the improved databases with their own name (a habit I developed using R), AiCore instructed to make column conversions by setting up a DataTransform class; since I would later import the .py file in which this class existed to an .ipynb file, I opted to create a separate and obviously named data_cleaning_for_EDA.py file for this task; however, it was in examining the columns in load_to_pandas.py closely that I realised the only columns I was likely to have issues with were the dates being listed as 'object' dtypes anyway, so I decided to just add the parse_dates argument in the original pd.read_csv() statement instead.... then, while combing the column titles for potential columns that would need a change to date format, I idenitified that employment_length was unnecessarily stringy; I could identify potential correlations if that was in int64 form, and the same can be said for term. So I parsed dates in load_to_pandas.py (see the non-parsed thing in earlier version control commits), and I changed those two columns 'term' and 'employment_length' in the same file as well, instead of using classes (seems overcomplicated) in data_cleaning_for_EDA.py at all. 
		
	3. Task 2 Prompt: Create a class to get information from the DataFrame. I initially set up a class with -> None: pass as the empty framework. Again I question the use of setting up an entire class when I already have the dataset available for exploration. However, reading the suggested 'useful utility methods,' I feel more motivated to create some of these methods. I thought adding a cor_coef method might come in handy- one that would calculate the correlation between every column and output a matrix; based on prior experience with dimensionality reduction methods, I know this particular method may prove too computationally expensive to produce in pracitse. 

	4. 
### What I've learned: 
	1. 
	2. As I converted employment_length, I was reminded that nan can't be forced to int, but it can be forced to float. 
	3. As I started actually developing a class of methods ("DataFrameInfo()"), I rediscovered trouble with defining classes that had been a stumbling block in the first milestone (defining classes to read off of AWS). At this stage, rewatching AiCore's video on Object Oriented Programming and listening veeeeery carefully at around 8 minutes, I caught a detail that clarifies my confusion (at least in part, we shall see...). Essentially, the __init__ method is only necessary if you need to add information when *initialising* an instance of the class. In other words, if I don't have to input the column names myself, if instead I can just call the method col_names and they're already built into the object (data frames come with pandas.columns method), then I don't have to consider col_names to be an attribute. If I have no such information that I need to personally input on setting up the instance of the class, I don't need the __init__ section of my class-defining code! God, I hope I have that right. --- LOL! (not really laughing out loud, more of a glower at screen, but laughing a little on the inside) If I want my class method outputs to vary according to some *initial* input, then I do still need to initialise the instance with the pd.DataFrame that it recieves. ... the pain continues. (Because that's how learning works- seriously, you can't find out what I've learned unless you read all this crap!) I've managed to change the nameerror to an attribute error. pandas methods don't seem to exist within my class. Do I need to import all those methods *within* the class somehow? I don't think I've ever seen that before.
	Thanks to my troubleshooting chat with Mat from AiCore, I developed a better understanding of the "self" in classes, and about environments. When defining a method (or parameter, I would guess), one doesn't need to refer to the self ("this particular instance of the class" as Harry would say) *unless* applying **another** method, defined elsewhere in the class, to build up that method or parameter; a clarifying question to ask might be "Are you establishing a method or applying a method?" If establishing, no "self" is required; if applying the method, then you need self.method, to ensure that the previously defined method is applying to "this particular instance of the class," lest your applied method get lost in a loop trying to find what object to work on. 
	... And speaking of searching loops, a virtual environment (I already knew this part...) is a specific "space" (not a folder/directory) with the correct python version for the code in a specific project. Think of this as interpreter for the code- different python versions are like different languages in which the code could be written. What I didn't realise (or had forgetten long ago and needed reminding) was 
		- if the base environment contains a version of python, the clash between base and whatever virtual environment you're in could cause an error 
		- if you need a particular python package (like pandas, for instance), it should be installed *within* the virtual environment 
		- if you have a .bashrc file that contains paths, these are run/added when the computer starts up (most likely *before* Windows checks its standard Environment Variables for any paths). If you have a path named in both the .bashrc file, and the Environment Variables, then again, you're likely to get stuck in a search loop. Two ...er... thingies... are "pointing" at the path in which you've stored conda, and when you search "conda where"(fore art thou?) you get the mystifying response that there is no conda, even if you used it five seconds ago, it's marked all it's post as return to sender. Long-winded winge short, I kept the conda paths listed in the .bashrc file, and deleted them off of the Windows Environment Variables, and then conda could be found, examined, and used. 
	While trying to set up DataFrameInfo I discovered a lot about data cleaning that hasn't happened yet but whose necessity has been identified through the investigations into the information I've gathered; data cleaning and enquiry really is a cyclonic process, isn't it? On my search for answers about the sheer vastness of how many NA's they put into this mock dataset, I've revisited writing to csv's but now within the context of a class method. In an effort to get the date parsing working well so I can calculate a correlation matrix (I really think this will be handy later!), I've discovered that the VSCode extension RainbowCSV is really handy (if you don't have Excel) for identifying what you're looking at without having to write thre to forty-four more lines of code (depending on your inclinations). 
	I learned the hard way the distinction between pd.size and pd.shape; pd.size is the product of the elements of the tuple in pd.shape; therefore it is the number of cell-wise elements in the data frame, *not* the number of data points (i.e. it's not the rows/elements of the data frame).
	I learned that the subscriptability of pandas is not automatically inherited when a new class implements pandas methods. Namely, print(type(df['last_credit_pull_date'])) results in TypeError: 'DataFrameInfo' object is not subscriptable, until you implement python's __getitem__ method; using 'key' based language, such as in "def __getitem__(self, key):	 return self.data[key]," suggests that pandas is built off of python's dictionaries. 
	In preparation for using multiple classes (e.g. Plotter and DataFrameInfo on the same df), I learned the following from ChatGPT: "multiple inheritance can lead to complexities and potential conflicts, especially if the base classes have methods or attributes with the same name. It's important to carefully design and manage your class hierarchy to avoid ambiguity. If you need to resolve conflicts or customize the behavior of multiple inherited classes, you can use the super() function to call methods from parent classes in a controlled manner;" I know concepts of mulitple inheritance were referenced in the AiCore notebooks as well, but there are loads of examples of my re-learning something in a different context while trying to work through this project!
	While developing the Plotter function I deepened my understanding of the distinction between the object dtype and the categorical dtype. Object seems to be the default when reading csv's with pandas, and it can apply to more data types, such as mixed types. However, if inspection suggests the data is truly categorical, converting it to categorical data will make the data frame more memory efficient, and allows those columns of data to be more easily analysed, since categorical data can be grouped and ordered. 
	I noticed my code was really starting to slow down as I imported and used multiple homemade modules into my testing_classes.py code. I wondered if it was all the multiple imports of pandas that was causing this slow down, and learned in fact that once the module has been imported once into Python, it is saved to sys.modules; this occurs once per interpreter session, and every subsequent "import" written in code will be skipped because Python recognises that module from its sys.modules... so I learned something new there, but still don't know why my code's getting slower. I also realise that an interpreter session means either one ongoing session in an IDE, or a single run of the code by executing it through the terminal (which is what I'm doing when I press play on my code in VSCode.) So every time I want to test my .py code in VS code, I have to reimport, which does take time; meanwhile, if I were using Spyder (which I am use to) or if I started using a Jupyter Notebook (.ipynb?) then my interpreter session would last as long as needed and I could run smaller chunks of code to test them without having to reimport modules and reload data frames from csvs every go. 
	I've learned that bad datetimes parsing can lead to all datetimes being coerced into NA's. 
	I've learned that modifying a DataFrame in a loop (e.g. a for loop) reduces readability and performance, especially if that DataFrame is large or that function is nested inside a Class method; an alternative is to use boolean indexing and essentially replace/remove/modify all the appropriate columns at once. 
	4. 

## Installation instructions 
To install the available data from pull this repo. To see only the pretty final products, i.e. only the analysis and visualisation, you can download the pdf/png/jpg... whatever I manage to save as here as a bonus. 

## Usage instructions 
Run it in your preferred python module. I used VSCode. 

## License information 
This project is the result of the hard work and dedication of the people behind AiCore. All credit goes to AiCore for how the data was sourced and the project structure. As per their instructions, I am submitting my work as a student here on github, an open source platform; this implies that anyone can use my code to further their own learning.
